okay hi should be live
here it's been a while so let me make
sure uh we actually
broadcasting should be on
YouTube it's garbage
recommendations uh
nural where live yeah we are live okay
perfect
um it's been a
while I am not back here full-time
properly yet uh I was in the hospital
with
pneumonia for a good while it was pretty
rough so slowly ramping back up work
haven't really felt up to streaming
though I have been doing some Dev we're
just going to see how this goes
um so it's probably going to be little
less formal little lower energy than
normal but I am doing some Dev so I may
as well stream it there a lot of stuff
going on at the moment with puffer lib
with our hyper pram sweep stuff doing
some work there a lot of new
environments a lot of stuff to code
review but then also we've got some new
academic collabs and old ones as well so
I think what we're going to do right now
uh I I was working on this GPU
accelerated driving Sim speeding up
training with that
yesterday
and I made some progress but I broke
some stuff we're going to see what's
going on
there let me
see let see if I find my old terminal
for
this yeah so
this and I've been told that there
are some small
changes uh okay
so that's weird let's see what conf
changes were made
I don't know why this is a thing
yeah this is not a good change I don't
know hold
on e
yeah that's bizarre I don't know why
they would do that
hey well how's it going I'm in uh I'm in
Florida time so not
really I saw that
I am uh you know kind of back to work
just on whatever the hell
hours got this stupid
thing not even wearing the oxygen
monitor because I'm sick of it going off
constantly
I've got a slack on the side which I'm
just out of respect I'm not putting on
the stream it's nothing really super
private it's just um chatting with the
GPU Drive folks on some stuff that
they've changed
do this thing train
now it doesn't
hey
Captain hey I'm back screaming a little
bit so here we have GPU drive at
260 this is nice and fast but I broke
something and think if I can figure
out I I guess if I just look at the data
a little bit I might be able to get a
sense of what's going on
here I guess we just look in the forward
path right here
if I can get this working for them today
they're going to be very
happy I also appreciate how uh you know
when I pick stuff
from occasionally we get some uh or is
it we get some fun
endorsements that always helps
out where's Eugene's tweet
Eugene's
funny it's nice to have one of the
advertising posts do okay once in a
while know just to drives occasionally I
get DMS off of stuff like
this I mean realistically we only need
to sign a few more contracts to have
puffer like very very nice and stable
okay so we have ego
State what's this this is
zeros that's probably not
good okay this is also
zero but this could just be the reset
call right this could just be the reset
call yeah so that is just the reset
call
um and
then the road graph
so does this change at
all 747 to
741 so this did change a little
bit about Road
graph load objects
this Stitch so
3.2 313 so these are changing these do
seem to be getting
updated m in
bed where is it
Road
graph this didn't change at all did
it Road graph didn't change
is that
true no it does
change
okay so it's not like I've just
completely corrupted the
data oh well that's
bad yeah the data is normed
wrong that would make
sense okay ego State Max is like five
that's still big
giant
integers that's very weird about
observation okay
observation is
FL 32 so somehow we're getting bad data
out of this
what was this called Observation
okay okay so we
have 15
24 for
yeah okay let's go figure out
where in the environment this is
happening you're not one hot en coding
the road
types I should be one out en coding the
road
types e
all right let me just link on the
stream this
set e
apparently I'm forgetting a one
hot I'm doing it in place or something
weird well I think I'm screwing up
multiple
things where's this so get
OB I should be able to see this here
welcome it's easier to just stream all
the dev
oops this is not contract
work uh I support academic labs for free
Captain so if this type of work were for
a company it were it would be paid but
for academic Labs I just do it for
free and the goal is fix reinforcement
learning first and profit second
okay so I see
here uh the partner OBS I see that I
have bad data in here and the question
is
why uh dapne this is definitely not like
this definitely wasn't in the
observations before I messed with it
right there definitely weren't things in
the thousands before I messed with this
right for
okay index
8 already we have on index
8 so I have to go see what that is for
okay so this is supposed to be on
IDs maybe I did mess this
up but what were you using before
hang on I want to make
sure and see what they were using
before okay see they weren't using agent
type before anyways so this is why I
commented it because it wasn't being
used so allthough you have is speed
XY length and
width but somehow this is
giant how is this a how is this gigantic
I doing something wrong here
63 by
9 so I guess they're like 63 cars or
whatever so then eight would be
am I just like including too much data
in here by mistake do I just have to
like Index
this isn't this just like
six you only use
speed r
x with and height right length you don't
even use height for some
reason so one two
three I think this
works
oops Yeah ego OB should be fine the max
of that is like a five I think it's this
partner OBS that I'm streaming right
here
I don't know if you're still on the
stream could be yeah okay well this is
definitely wrong because there's data in
the thousands here
um I'm looking at this
now I I guess like the layers are lazy
or something
because no 3 to seven hold on
oh I guess I added one I added in
vehicle height but that shouldn't
matter okay so
partner okay so now this is smaller
which is
good ah you see
yeah so we were just including uh I
messed up and I included I don't know
what else was in there but there was
some extra garbage data so that should
fix that and presumably I did something
similar with the road
graphs presumably I did something
similar with the the road
graphs road map observations
get right so this now this has two
things in it
and let's see which of these is
wrong I bet this will just once we fix
this this will just
work it's just like data in the
thousands screwing up the
network all right so we have Road grath
data
shape graph. type.
shape and then this is
Max okay so that's not great all welcome
I I can do this yeah
welcome okay so type is correct
oops I only see a 50 something which
is which is
weird but
data there's something wrong with the
road graph
data go
look
XY segment length
okay so it is 52
and this gets one hotted so we know that
this is
fine
um okay so the
first couple dimensions are
big let's see these should be getting
normalized um but maybe I broke that
did I mess this
up this should work here cuz I'm
normalizing this should be a fine in
place normalize um
the segment length normalizes
wrong yeah I don't know what I did there
this normalization is but the X and Y
should be
right I must have just gotten tired at
the end of
yesterday that was that's silly right
there it's a silly mistake but the
normalize looks
right uh definely it should be a view it
should be the same thing cuz it should
be a
view okay so
here so here look we have
self.x which is this
Dimension uh and then self. data was
it zero okay so these are the same
thing and then if I do this
then yeah so self.x is now
normalized and self. data is now
normalized so this is correct because
this is a view so this is this is
actually being
normalized uh correctly so I don't
actually know then
how I don't know how this is leaking
okay so we still have a 52 in
here maybe it's just a different
Channel
PW Z
01002 yeah okay
so that's interesting so what is
two two is is segment okay so it's it's
right here I just messed this up um yeah
this is just a screw up this is straight
screw
up I thought I
had I did this for the other ones I have
no idea why I didn't do it for
this I must have just
forgotten so yeah let me fix that for
you real quick
that's a dumb mess
up do something like
this set
data yeah that's my bad
then what we need
is segment length segment width so this
is what's good welcome currently fixing
up some bugs I introduced to GPU driving
Sim while trying to massively speed up
training so we got training from 35,000
to 20 50,000 steps per second which I'm
pretty happy with but
um I broke some stuff in data
normalization apparently so I'm fixing
that you can
see current code progress live on
um uh the GPU Drive repository right
here you can which I should probably
have this not covered by camera
but yeah this is pretty deep in the
weeds of um like simulation optimization
stuff okay so this is this is now going
to be normalized correctly and we're no
going to we're no longer going to
have total blow up
uh is this supposed to be
commented I'm pretty sure this is not my
comment definely I don't know if you
know why this this one's not
normalized segment
height I'm going to put the I'm going to
put the norm back in just because it'll
be
easier I'm I'll put the back in I doubt
it'll matter a ton but I'm going to put
that back
in I don't know there's not like some
magic thing we're normalizing this
breaks everything
right we weren't using the height
anyways okay well we're going to use it
just because it's contiguous data so it
should be free
see because I have four variables like
this so what I can do is
um I can just do like self. data
of what's this
two segment length is
two 2
col five I
believe two three four 2 to six
so I can do this in place in one
operation like
this let's see what that does for us
next thing we're going to have to do is
get you um once we have this training
we're going to have to get you hyper
pram sweep stuff
which that actually might not be that
hard we could try some of my latest
stuff with Neptune sweeps
potentially um cuz they're substan
easier to set up than w b
sweeps but we're definitely going to
want to get you hyper pram sweeps it'll
make a huge
difference okay so let's
just
shape this should be Cuda
six uh it's colon col
26 yeah
26 hey
ding it's a pretty small stream at the
moment we've only got got a few people
on
here I don't know if I stream
consistently it gets up to like
10 made a Twitch account so I talk
here yeah I don't know
it's streaming the dev I don't know it
just makes stuff easy because like you
know I actually have the freaking screen
share working and a reasonable
resolution and stuff
you'd be surprised the amount of stuff I
just get done on stream I'll do like uh
it's been really good for puffer I do
like uh code reviews for like
contributor code on the stream I've like
merged half dozen environments from
people that
way um since I've been sick I've just
been doing stuff on the Discord but
normally this is what I do it's just
easier and I don't have to deal with
like resolution being a mess CU I have
everything set up correctly through OBS
you know I got mics set up correctly and
all
that I don't know was slightly awkward
like streaming all the dev at first but
you kind of just get used to it
okay so that works
now and this is correctly
normed yeah D is at
NYU I probably missed a couple break
points
oh sorry to slice and dice while your
python code here DNE but uh you know
performance I tried not to make too much
a mess of it
there's probably some nice syntactic
sugar that we can put on stuff as well
to make it a little easier to read
without losing perf you just can't have
the extra
copies okay so also um for some reason
the very first observation that comes
out a reset is all zeros I don't know
why that is but that's what currently
comes out of your
S I don't think it's a big deal but you
should be aware of
it so these OBS are still not amazingly
normed
um like 5.7
these are supposed to be netive - 1:1 or
whatever
right fives fives could mess you up a
little bit I wouldn't be surprised
honestly this is probably why your layer
Norm was having an effect at all is
because the data is not conditioning
correctly dead controlled
agents this is on first step though this
shouldn't be because look if I run this
right so the first step is zero because
for whatever reason reset gives you
zeros okay but
then okay so P Max
right observation so first step is zero
one
step okay 1.4 maybe maybe you're right
and maybe they do die on the second step
and then there's like a five point but
actually no because you shouldn't be
controlling those should be filtered
right I don't think we should be
encoding
those I don't think dead agent should
get into the network
the way we're doing it regardless we can
see um we can see on this my guess
though is that this is going to be worth
spending some time on and it'll probably
improve perf I definitely wouldn't use
layer Norm to get around this layer Norm
is just really slow and kind of
Jank I pretty much never use layer Norm
if I can avoid it it's just like slow
and it creates problems like yeah
sometimes you throw it on stuff and it
works but usually it's like a Band-Aid
do you know
why layer Norm is
slow it's a good
question what's the implementation of
layer Norm I haven't looked at it in so
long
it's kind of funny cuz looking at it it
doesn't look like it would be horribly
slow
um it's probably just that like at the
state at the scale that we're working
at like our the Nets are so small that
things like this actually matter like
yeah you probably wouldn't notice layer
Norm if you were training at 10,000
steps per second but like things start
mattering at this level of
per you would think that that would have
a reasonably well optimized kernel as
well you also don't need Dropout um I
wouldn't be surprised cuz it's on zero
anyways but I wouldn't be surprised that
it's like still running the operation
even on zero
let's see if this runs
this one one Bab
goal's still not working
here oh wait no it's going
up Let it
sink yeah there we go look
it yeah that's that's actually training
now I
think we're going to have to fix your
stats and stuff so you get clean
graphs yeah this is training
though so my bad I messed up your
normalization it was a long coding day
let's make sure this actually I don't
know what's up with the uh the WAN
be graphs they're like kind of janky the
way that they report look at that yeah I
will it's they're just taking a while to
syn
here why don't I just turn these
off I get reasonable access and
then these steps are like
I swear want to be messed up all their
like their graph
axes do you have agent steps
here I don't know what you call this
metric Global
step all right clean our
clean ARL
name so there you go to 92
immediately in the top right of the
whole yeah they changed their UI though
Captain
like they keep changing their stupid UI
and making it
slower I don't know I've been using
Neptune lately because wanb has been
annoying
me okay so this now works um I don't
know if
92 this is only like three scenes so
we'd have to like look at the policy to
see if there's something janky with
these particular scenes that's
preventing it from being
100 um but that looks like it's
stabilized so I expect there's probably
something with this
SC why don't we do the full the full
training
now I know we can get to 100 here okay
so did I
break did I break
architecture let me
see yeah it's just it's a very weird
shape though you see CU it's like so
flat
a local Optima don't exist those don't
exist maybe they kind of exist in
RL man the local Optima thing was like
a
2016 ml Zite
gist all right let me do the full scams
to see how that
does cuz I want to I want to actually
get you running on on that what was it
experiments or
examples
experiments so it was 100
seems and then a
resample was true is this
it I
match could you also please explain this
to me so you're simulating 100 worlds in
parallel but you only have like you're
simulating 300 worlds in parallel but
only 100 unique scenes like why wouldn't
this be 300
unique 300 unique
scenes like is there any reason to have
fewer
scenes and also isn't this supposed to
be like 100,000 or something isn't it
supposed to be like all of the the
worlds K unique is the number you
initialize
with
okay like I think that you want what you
want is a data set of like 100,000
worlds or however many scenes you have
and then you just
sample either randomly with or without
replacement you just sample from them
right resample setting you're
controlling how you sample during
training
okay I'm confused how there's like so
many different settings to this though
num worlds will always be right so num
worlds this is just like a batch size
basically right this is just a batch
size but what I'm confused as to is why
why there are any additional parameters
in this it should just be however many
world like however many scenes you have
right so shouldn't this number be like
and then I don't know what this resample
data set size like what this number as
well like it would seem to me that this
should just be like the total number of
scenes that you have available for both
of these
numbers and I don't know what this
resample limit is
either I mean I can set these numbers to
match your current experiment setup for
now but like I don't know if this is
matching the thing that you're actually
trying to to do so like if you have set
to 100 scenes with resampling and stuff
like I can do this right now and uh I
can download the full data set as well
to run this for
you if it's useful I can spend some time
today trying to get um some of our hyper
parameter sweep stuff set up for you as
well just in looking at things like
scaling was
I
see I guess it depends on your
objective in my head it's like you can
just train on everything and just solve
the entire like you can just solve The
Benchmark
right maybe that's not your objective I
don't know in my mind it's just like
solve the
benchmark let's see if this is any
harder well like what's the goal for the
project
right is the goal to have
like broadly capable you know driving
agent in whatever scenario or is it to
use this with like thing that happens to
be a driving simulator for like
algorithms research
CU are two very different
objectives I thought it was
like okay
both well if you want it to be both then
uh I would suggest on the research side
that we spend some time getting this to
500k because this is running like half
the speed of um you know other complex
Sims we can pretty much get anything to
500k with a little bit of effort I mean
like here
this this crazy
thing uh runs at a million steps per
second per core and like if I
just um if I just like you know like
this is like a massive world with like
tons of agents in it and this thing will
run at like a million steps per second
per four and frames at 500k so like
basically if you do the optimization
work you can make anything run at 500k
and our Nets are 10 times bigger than
yours as well this is a million
parameter Network running at 500k versus
like 100,000 parameter Network so like
with the optimization if you want it to
be like a really good fast research
Benchmark that can be done it's just it
will take some additional work and I
think that's going to actually
require I will have to look at the
Madrona code uh if you want it to be
that fast because just the way that
observations are structured at the
moment uh coming out of madona makes no
sense like architecturally you can't
have that much
pattern sure after icml we can talk I
mean I can also just like do you know
how much do you know roughly how much
logic there is in the GPU Drive
simulator like roughly what the code
size
is I haven't really looked too much of
the uh the C++ in
here cuz this is like 800
lines if it's
is this
it I mean madon is doing some work with
the physics and stuff for you here but
like you're not even using
liar you do have rate traces
I'd basically have to go through this
thing and see how heavy the actual logic
is but
like I wouldn't be surprised if I really
wouldn't be surprised if we got this
thing running at like a million steps
per second arbitrary mixes of scenes
like on one CPU
core I wouldn't be
surprised and I don't know how much work
that would be CU I don't know how much
lifting M Dron is doing here but if this
is only like 800 line of code like we
have I mean we have like a dozen
environments of about this code size
right like it might not it it might it
might not actually be that much work to
uh to Port some stuff around
yeah I don't want to distract you with
that until after
icml but uh you know depending on your
objectives with this project and how
much engineering investment you want
there to be
like I honestly would not be surprised
at all if you could turn turn this
entire like this entire environment into
a 1500 to 2000009 single C file that
literally runs faster than the GPU
version on one CPU core and doesn't have
any of the problems that we've just run
into like with all of the memory layout
like I wouldn't be surprised at
all we've gotten pretty good at making
mph very very
fast I don't know about the lar stuff
lar might be um intensive we'd have to
run some
numbers yeah it would be much simpler as
well like cuz frankly looking at this I
don't know what I'm looking at like
there's a bunch of C++
Shenanigans um if you actually look at
like even the N code for neural LMO
which is I mean this is like me redoing
my PhD in 6 months times faster so like
this is like a pretty heavy heavy
environment
um this is literally one C file and if
you actually just start reading the code
like it's very brain dead like if you
just look through the code the code is
easier to understand and way simpler
than anything in GPU drive and it's just
like fast and it works
now the exception is going to be here
right if if there's like legitimately
heavy physics that just doesn't is not
possible to run fast then I'm not going
to be able to do this for you but um if
the compute is not if like the actual
calculations aren't that heavy in the
environment then we should just be able
to do
it okay so this started learning and
then
crashed let's see why
interesting this could just be hyper
pram it got up to 22% and then it
crashed
okay let
me let me set it to the three
thing what did I have it was it three
scenes okay unique scenes is
three was it like 103 or
something oh it was rample off
right let me make sure this works I will
push this and then
um what would you like like what's the
most helpful thing I can do right now
for this for you
so I think that
technically if we could
run can I just hook this up
to I okay so let me let me show you what
let me show you what I'm thinking here
this is not going to do carbs and stuff
but like
let me show you what I I did
recently like I could get you this like
just as a oneoff really quick I've been
working on this ablation
script um this is our sweep
function it's really simple it just like
samples hyper parameters and runs this
and then the secret sauce
here is uh I just I essentially did some
good transforms on the sample spaces so
this is a random search but it's like if
you just naively configure random search
in WP like this will be 10 at least 10
times better than your standard normal
uh standard random search and like if
you run a 100 experiments of this uh
which you can probably do on in like a
day on one GPU uh and also this
parallelizes to multi-gpu trivas as well
so you can cue this up for like on
multiple machines very very easily um
you should just get good hyper PR
parameters to solve whatever you
want I can probably get it to work with
wanabe as well I haven't tested it
definitely works on
Neptune um Neptune's just like another w
b so I could probably hack this for you
pretty quick if that's
useful uh I mean other than that like
there's deeper stuff I can look at at
the environment that you probably don't
want me to do before
icml I mean there's like way deeper
stuff in the environment that like if I
wanted to like go look at trying to
rewrite GPU Drive uh that would be like
a few we project so I'm not going to
start that right yet but
like good hyper pram tuning that is easy
to use and set up okay so what I can do
for you then is I can just take your
current I can just take your current
script um yes we working on the deadline
okay I
might the only thing that's obnoxious
about GPU drive is it doesn't like it
when you like tear set up and tear
down
on let's see how you do your script
here yeah let's get your hyper pram Stu
I'm not going to do carbs integration
for you then yet because that's going to
be too complicated but I think even
random will be good enough for you
because our
yeah I tried that child processing and
it didn't work I tried that and it
didn't
work
yeah you have to reuse the
Sim s batch scripts un
launched lucky you with the
hardware we never had that though we
will be buying our own uh our own
cluster I just got quoted for that
today we're going to get 40 nodes of uh
509s for Puffer
where's your script here baselines or
something
baselines okay so right
here this is just
app and
then can we just write here can I just
put the sweep in a loop here Daphne cuz
like you make the N
right can I just reuse the
environment like if I literally just
paste in the sweep logic right
here sweep code is still there as is it
oh
yeah
huh
um okay so the issue with this is I can
use this but wb's like random sweep
stuff
sucks like their spaces don't seem to
work well I'd rather just paste
in and I can Port it to like to log to W
if you guys don't want to use Neptune
but I think initially it would be just
be easier to set that up um I mean it's
like a few line change either
way I'm trying to think if there's
anything else I'm
missing yeah cuz you do have w v log
calls maybe what I'll do is I'll go
fiddle with my sweep code a little bit
and make sure it works on W B and then
I'll give you guys the WB
version
um just so I don't make you guys use a a
new platform just out the
gate you
see do this recover
why is this launching like so many
jobs I know what this is
doing push changes
yeah that's what I'll do uh let me I'll
push changes and then we'll
um where's this oh wait it
recovered wait wait wait it recovered
huh
hold on a
second is this like getting your runs or
something
like don't know
which is it like logging tons of
different jobs or something or am I just
being dumb oh yeah yeah look there you
go this
is this was only three seams though
right this was yeah okay this
was this was the 3 one
well why are they on my wand B that's
weird how am I logged into your that
shouldn't be
possible okay well whatever let me stop
messing up your W
fa entity oh my bad
okay I didn't mean to do
that um
I thought this would just be on my
personal
one so this is only the three scene
ones e
okay so there is your push let me uh let
me just inform
them fixed
if you want to
add yeah that'd be
great yeah how do I do
that I'll do both like I'll do a I'll do
a small one over the three scenes to
make sure it's working um most likely
what I'm just going to make sure that it
works and then you can run the the main
sweep um I'm going to make it so that
you can just launch it on 20 nodes or
whatever and it'll just work I don't
have 20 nodes to launch jobs on um so
the most I can do is launch like you
know two boxes worth of runs you guys
have your own computer so you can run
the full
sweep five minutes here let me get your
let me get
this okay
so yeah lucky you you have proper
cluster we will have proper cluster
soon if you drive
mini wait is this download the data
set how do I download this is there like
do you just have a download command or
something I can do to set this all
up is there like a curl like is there do
you have like a curl or
something it's in the read me okay well
jokes on you because I can't
read
okay I literally never use hugging face
so I'm just like give me a second
I mean think about it why would I ever
use hugging face while our
datas comes from environments
right okay so that'll download
meanwhile let's go check on
ablations I would like to figure out is
there
I'm sure this is just not a
memory deal with that later
it's missing Target Metro
this is literally like right off of the
uh the dev Branch
now first thing I will do oh yeah if you
want to do something over the next you
know few hours um while I'm fixing
sweeps uh I would go look at the
observations especially the ego ones um
and just like
it it looks like you were trying to Norm
everything either from 0 to one or
negative 1 to one and stuff is not in
that range some stuff is only a little
bit over which is probably fine but then
there's like ego stuff in the fives so
that's probably why you were needing
layer Norm uh I think layer Norm should
be pretty useless if the data is like
negative 1 to1 or 0 to1
I don't know how long sweeps will take
me this could take me 20 minutes or it
could take me four hours
there's no way it's that
easy so
this isn't getting
logged what happened here I pass one
B know nothing here oh wait here no
ideas
oh yeah there's there's buer
pong
okay
rby look at
that y see you
tag test tag
p e
those
let me I'm just going to check DMS on
the side while I uh wait to make sure
this is
working
e
e e
okay St taking care
of hate having to use this thing on
stream but it's literally like use this
thing or have to take a freaking inhaler
so this is
better makes me cl off a bunch and keeps
my lungs
loose okay so here's what we got um if I
refresh
this where are all of our
points enironment SL
score where the hell are all of our
points is it grouping them
together oh it's like that's so
awkward okay so maybe it's not filter
right maybe
it's new filter tags is T tag
p is this it yeah this is
it and then we visualize
all there we go okay this is what we
wanted um
and then we want to
add section we want to add a scatter
plot uh where X is going to
be just a created time stamp
maybe this is going to be score
panel added to chart section which is
way down here for no
reason a relative time process version
perfect so here we have uh we have our
sweep
data and here we can see that we have
our our W graphs okay so this works so
yeah this works perfectly and you can
see we've already gotten
uh like one close to solve in 14 trials
with just random
search so I can integrate carbs for them
later but I think this should be
hopefully enough if we just run enough
experiments on
this yeah this should be good
enough and I think that this should just
work out of the box room so let me just
integrate this real quick
see if there's anything from the
lab what's the easiest way to get this
to work for them um I think I'm going to
take this
function well first of all I have to
like oops
I think I just need to
copy copy this sweep thing
here is there
window hang on just like do this over
here
so we're going to just replace some of
their sweep stuff
here let's get rid of this
garbage this get
called policy
train
good so now what we're going to do is
we're going to
add we're going to add this oops
I think we add this here we add
sweeps maybe put this at the
top just think what I want to do for
them
here I need the sample hyper parameters
function
okay this is not that bad I just need to
paste in uh this little piece of code
for
them and
then I think there's a I need to add a
tag option for them as
well because there's no tags
yeah so
write tag
equals
tag okay then we're just going to
add I assume this
is
tag
yeah project entity
ARS ar.
train okay so we're going to have to
double check
that this is working here
I'm going to have to move this for them
as
well cuz this is just the way that they
have this simulator
setup LF config mode
sweep what do they doing it want
B is this inside of
train this is inside of train so that's
fine okay
so they have a few things that need to
be be changed
[Music]
here I swear I'm going to get like
banned for drug use on stream or
whatever because people are going to
think this is a
bong it's just
a I don't what is this called what is
this thing even called
just a thing to inhale a lot of air and
make you
cough I I'm still pretty out of
it actually let me just check my O2 real
quick because I feel kind of
shitty make sure it's not
dipped but yeah if I can just get this
sweep this basic sweep thing integrated
for them
um the way I have it set up now is so
much easier for multi machine at least
if you don't want to do carbs cuz it's
stateless so you can literally just
launch this thing from like 20 machines
and it'll run 20 times as fast
hang
on let me just make sure I'm not dying
here 96 I'm good
I don't know where they have the args
for
this like I don't see where they have
train ARs and
stuff train options
load
config okay so they have like this
separate config
mode there mode up
here no it's probably
in I probably just have to set that
separately and then we'll just do
Max
runs a Max
runs optional
I don't think you need a Target metric
actually um for what they're
doing so yeah let's just do this so
train we don't need Target metric
get rid of
this
ARS Max
runs welcome back thank
you I'm not really fully back um I'm
kind of just doing what I can for now to
be fair a lot of stuff is getting
done it's more getting done from the
fact though that I'm just like putting
in hours because I have nothing else to
do other than I'm not I'm not like L
work me 100%
productivity
but you know I'm doing what I
can results have been good I think
results have mostly just been good as a
factor of like Puff's gotten nice enough
that stuff's pretty easy to do
now
okay
tag where is this tag thing
I added in
tag I really don't like these like typer
know like these Arc parse
Replacements they're really just not
very
good
like wouldn't this be available here oh
it's not in args it's literally just in
that's so
Jank so this is just like tag I think
and
then yeah I think this is literally just
like tag
what is
this okay where how's this stupid thing
work okay so it's not going to give me
tag it's should be an ARG in here right
do I have to pass it
ining python
man am I just blind is it in here
they're tagging
here no there's no tag in
here well how's this thing work then
maybe okay so it looks like you get it
from here and then do I have to pass
this maybe I have to pass this to
train that's really
Jank um
okay so there now I actually have tag
and if I just do like D- tag Bo does
this give me
something no of course it doesn't give
me something what the [__] um
how does this thing
get populated then
because is this not just a command line
Arc like if I just do
like no it is there what the
hell okay so maybe this thing is not
broken um but then I
pass tag I pass tag oh here because it's
yeah this isn't going through tree
through sweep so can I do
like config dolo
sweep and then get
something mode
sweep okay I think I have to do this in
the file
so
silly okay so I just changed this to
sweep okay cool now we get tag yeah now
we have our tag for correct um ARS Max
runs not in there got it okay I know how
this goes
now this is just max
runs and
then so
sweep uh we're going to have to set up a
sweep AR aren't
we we'll set that up for them time's not
defined
random is already there
perfect
keys and then we have to add a sweep
section I suppose uh to this which will
be
slightly
awkward
um
maybe I'm
frame okay so config frame they kind of
kept most of my stuff so maybe this
won't be that
bad
update does have an update method
okay so we'll just
add here
sweep and
then now now I have to actually go
figure
out how to add this stuff
um I think you can Nest
these yeah you can Nest these right so I
can just do like
rain
wait
us log
normal scale
I'm hoping this will not be that hard to
like just reorder
scale five
do I want to even give this to
them I don't even want to give this to
them cuz it's going to slow their RS
down
do we even care about value function
coefficient and grad
[Music]
Norm wait do they have Max grad Norm set
to
0.5 is that
normal I thought it was
five wait hang
on am I am I insane
here or did they do something
silly H it is
.5 that's
weird we're probably just not clipping
in the first place that
much all right I'm wrong for
once
igy where my other window go
this is probably all I have to give them
right is learning rate oh Lambda
duh I missed
Lambda G
Lambda
95 this is 9
eight that should be good let's give
them four
hypers log
normal all so that should be their s
config
done uh let's
see if I can actually use this
surprisingly that seems to load
correctly it's easier than
expected so this is ar.
sweep and then this is ar. train and I
hope this update function
works hyers of train
and we'll see if this works because I
have some weird weird things going
on updated OBS con should be awesome I'm
almost done getting your sweep stuff set
up uh hold on so I got you a basic uh
sweep
configuration and this should be very
once I get this working you're just
going to be able to launch this on 20
nodes and auto
solve
um I'm not doing parbs
because that's you can't really do carbs
multi noode at the moment um that's
harder but this should be like a really
nice easy thing and you should just
Solve It
Anyways
oops I'll show you what I've done for
you in a
second okay so that does give
you that gives you what look like
reasonable
samples 0.5 Lambda hold on that might
have just been a bad an unlucky sample
that is possible
but yeah okay that's just unlucky sample
that's totally fine it is allowed to go
that
low okay so
config
frame if I do
this okay perfect now I don't know why
these are wrapped in floats like
this I don't think that should
matter AR's not defined
see this is just
config make n and you don't pass policy
class or anything I guess these
are now I'd like to have this not be on
your W
debate I don't pollute your
stuff let me figure out how to do that
I don't know why this was on your Labs
by default that's
weird let's see if this does it to mine
now I didn't even think I had
authorization for that
so
now oh okay The Entity should still
default to mine that's really
weird and it
got
tag really
did you say you're buying 40 90s yeah
Huffer is going to have um we're going
to expand our cluster to have 40
machines with 1590 each
I think this is just tags I just mess
this
up
huh oh AR wb. tags
okay do you use
this I guess I
can do it from there
I can just get rid of this extra
thing uh we're they're not going to be
optional because we're going to
use I can get rid of this um
um but
basically we're going to use tags or
sweeps so you're going to make a tag
group and basically in One Sweep you'll
just set a tag and then all the jobs
that are in that sweep will just be that
tag so we're not going to use the WB
sweeps interface because it's a mess and
instead we're going to have essentially
the same thing but set up via tags
this is this will be much much easier I
promise so I this is me just being
sloppy
um
this okay so that now
initializes w b takes absolutely forever
to initialize but it's
fine r. want B.C config
Fram and perfect we see we get the
sweep in
there
okay so maybe this is
it we might have it set up for you
already
okay so that seems to
run um let me change your config to make
sure that this is actually doing what we
expect and I'll show you at the same
time I'll show you what I've done
here so where's this we're just going to
change this to 1 Mill ion for now just
so we have a quick test so what I did is
I added this sweep section here uh I
just like converted this we have any
files I converted it to yl you get these
distributions you specify a mean for the
distribution a scale and a clip so what
this is going to do is this is going to
transform your parameters into log space
and then it's going to sample around
0.05 in log space using a a gaussian
with a mean uh with a scale of one order
of magnitude and clipping it two orders
of magnitude so this is going to give
you parameters between 0 point uh what
this 0.5 or whatever and
0.0 uh o5 or whatever um yeah uh so
that's what that'll do and then we also
have the same thing for Logics this is
is very important because if you use log
distribution for logit you get garbage
uh it's just one minus so it does one
minus this param so
0.02 no yeah 02 samples same exact
distribution in log space and then
transforms back so that you get correct
numbers um this is very very basic stuff
but everyone does it wrong and uh I made
like random search 10x better just by
doing this uh we've tested this in
puffer so this is like brand new stuff
I'm basically pulling in from Dev for
you um but I figured that it's stable
it's really simple and it's like 100
lines of code to your file so
whatever isn't that really large for
gamma
no gamma is
usually uh somewhere close to
0.99 right gamma is the Decay or the um
the discount Factor
it's usually between like 0.9 and
999 the
scale no because what it'll do for the
scale is this will be half an order of
magnitude um so this will be like if you
transform this this is
0.02 so half an order of magnitude well
a full order of magnitude would be
between 0. 2 and 0.0 O2 so this should
be between
like uh 7 something and like 99
something are the 1590s mainly to run
the lstms for PP it's to run whatever
architecture we're going to run
um like whatever architecture our Nets
aren't that big but we push so much data
that yeah Will saturate the 90s are
expected to be like about a 50%
performance upgrade over 490s Nvidia is
not even selling 49s anymore um the 59s
aren't that much more expensive and like
if we get them right when they are
released basically will be good for 3
years Hardware wise it'll take them like
two years to release the next card
probably and you know we'll be one gen
behind for a year or whatever but uh you
know who knows maybe by then puffer is
doing well enough that we can just
afford to get brand new hardware
whenever we
want right let's try this out
uh
I love Madrona
errors
so this finished and
then all right I might need some help
with this down
um how do I get
Madrona to not be a pain puffer's going
to be yeah exactly we're really going to
be able to crank some
research all right so how do I get
madona to not do this um
thought you made the
oh hang
on I have to move this don't
I yeah I have to move
this config mode is train
wait can I just
like I don't
know maybe
oh cuz you do make n this is make I see
I just have to reorder your code a
little
bit uh we're going to do this is going
to just take
backend
instead and we're going to take
this and put this here
this is fine all
right just move this up to here
this is
needed let's see if this
works AR's not defined
so this is just config right
okay let's see if this
works if this works I
uh basically this will have
fixed all your
problems come on what's wrong here dict
has no
attribute put
D really
make
policy so for some reason this fail
second time around
for folks that are uh just joining on
YouTube here we are currently
optimizing uh the GPU Drive GPU
accelerated driving environment we've
gotten training up from 35,000 steps per
second to about
250,000 and I am now integrating some
very nice hyper parameter sweep stuff uh
for them so that they can just like run
several hundred experiments and auto
solve
everything just doing some nice little
RL infrastructure and improvements for
them okay so what's wrong
here
uh
config
args args do rain. Network
somehow this became a
dictionary how did this become a
dictionary it's literally just like
a that's so silly
or that train that
network is it this
can you just do ar. tr. update
so like ar.
train
network is a
box so if I just do
like ar. train.
update let me see if this package is
smart enough
that
works I think if you just leave it as a
box let's try this
it's chill now
module one be has no attribute
project so somehow this gets overwritten
as well
ah I see
see if this does
it little
fiddlin it's just python being
python the cool thing about this though
is because because this is just a random
search um
what update is
no ah okay uh because this is just a
random search they're going to be able
to run this distributed with like no
effort at
all it's really nice so this
is let's see if this
works hey Noah I owe you a code
review um would you like me to do that
today on stream
you've done some good work I'm currently
just finishing up some stuff for uh the
NYU folks on GPU drive but as soon as
I'm finished with this I'd be more than
happy to do a full code review for
TCG the uh the return to stream has been
you know it's been a little bit slow
getting back to streaming and stuff I'm
still pretty sick but uh you know I had
nothing to do but
code can't say today okay tomorrow's
good yeah just let me know around when
and I'll make sure that I uh I give you
a full code review because it looks like
you've done some good work there and I
would love to have that as uh an
environment that we can start training
on you kept the code very clean as well
like that was a very good code good
job just from like my initial look at it
I haven't done a full review obviously
no attributes
stem probably because we have to not
close
this 10x speed up yeah so I I 10x it
before for them and then uh you know
they added some stuff and it got 10x
lower again and now I've 10 xed it back
to uh 250k
and now I'm integrating hyper pram
sweeps for
them basically the goal is we're going
to have this so set up so they just full
solve everything
today you know I would have liked to
have been doing this last week uh so
it's not two weeks before their deadline
for icml I would like to have like done
a lot of this stuff a little earlier I
maybe in a week or two behind
but me give me a break freaking
pneumonia sucks
one more day of
antibiotics and then uh probably still a
few weeks for few weeks before I can be
doing proper exercise and stuff
again how's Neptune integration going
Neptune is very very good we've got um
there a few little bugs I'm still fixing
on on our sweeps and stuff but look how
cool this is
is like we just can
do you know here's a
sweep
right here's a
sweep we just have our
dashboards we've got all our charts if
we want them um they like load tons of
data pretty darn
quick it's a lot nicer than Wan B for
most things
we support Wan as well it turns out that
if you just don't use uh the WAN sweeps
is it more
flexible it's just a little bit faster
and has slightly nicer dashboards as all
um will support both because it turns
out it's very easy to support both the
only thing I want to drop support for is
the WABE sweeps API specifically I think
we're going to just do our own sweeps
managed via tags and uh that'll just be
better uh cuz their sweep API is just
really Jank as all so if we do it
ourselves it ends up being less code it
ends up being simpler and we end up
having more control over how we're
selecting
parameters so we're going to keep wanb
support we're going to add Neptune
support we're going to have our own
sweep support we're going to drop WB
sweep
support that's the current plan
what was wrong here no attribute Sim oh
yeah it's just
um mean po. close on data
so let's just see where they have
notice perk is
off trying to understand
why is it
off hold on it shouldn't
be let me see that let me look up The
Slap
what happened to goal achieved rate
metric uh what what are you running that
with because I had goal achieved at 0.9
in one of the runs before
well I had that I had a run we didn't
you you were watching that with me right
we had a run with 0.9 on
there it's possible that I messed up the
setting since
then I'll run some debug stuff in a
second for you let me just figure out
why this is not
working was reward no I wasn't looking
at reward I was looking at I was looking
at goal completed and it was at 0.92 or
something I think I'm just going to
comment this
because uh closing the M break stuff for
you guys so I think I'm just going to
comment this
one here let's see if this works now I
might already have your sweeps up and
running
okay so there's the first
job and
then there we
go this now looks like it works we'll
see if madona leaks memory or causes us
any other issues
use
um paper one self play I'm still on
your repo
apparently so my bad there but I should
be able to at least filter
by tag is
test okay
so yeah this now
works so now let's try training cuz I
have your sweeps
working let me go edit your the config
and let me see what happened
there we go back to train
mode and then we'll
do 100 million
steps and then I have okay unique scams
is
three and after this we're going to get
your uh as soon as we have this working
uh what I'd like to do today is I'd like
to have you able to run a full sweep on
your cluster and to like I think you'll
full solve everything if we've gotten
all the bugs out you should full solve
everything okay I'm going to let this
run I'm going to be right back so use
the restroom real
quick
e
e e
have I been muted this whole
time
great I forgot to unmute my
mic why do nobody tell me
this why does nobody tell
me anyways um changes are pushed sweeps
are working and running right now
say they should give me a second
[Music]
run uh why does this not give me a
second
run hang on there might be something
screwy
here there should be a second run here
why is this not
logging freaking W be I
swear wait what
why is it say three
visualized is it overwriting this run
what is going
on e
okay we're just stepping on each other's
toes somehow
um and also I don't know why this isn't
logging multiple runs
let me
see n minutes
ago this was not created 9 minutes ago
let me
see there's like one last thing wrong
with
this ar. train okay so here's the issue
args train X ID
where does this come
from date time okay so here's the
issue
um yeah here's your issue
so I have to move this
and that's obnoxious isn't
it that's like really obnoxious
get out of here
bot ingratiating genocide lovely bot get
out of
here doesn't happen on YouTube just
shitty
twitch I don't know what's up with their
bot stuff
loader just trying to think I want to do
this
doesn't even get
used it just gets used in
um in the WB
AET so can I just like
literally if I just can I just like
delete move
this over to here
whever train is
ah I'm just going to make a fun
this is driving me nuts
see about
this 15 million
welcome YouTube
folks we're almost
done getting hyper pram sweep set up
very nicely for GPU
Drive couple last little bugs to fix
this should be very good though
okay now that uploads so I should be
getting separate runs in here um let's
see if that's
happening so you just filter by tag
basic sweep
and this is not logging very
frequently not really getting any
curves but these are logging in separate
runs
now what in the hell
limit I think it's literally made the
name too
long are they getting longer and
longer oh yeah that's me messing up hold
on yeah this is
just figure out how
I I do this
what is this train XY
anyways pcore
I'm just going to switch this to PP like
this is silly I'm just going to switch
this I have
like it's just messing up the
uh yeah we were getting look at this we
get like we're unwrapping Christmas
presents here
all right let's try this again also is
the log frequency really like is it like
logging very
infrequently I'm only getting like one
data point for five million steps or two
million
steps might have to look at
that well the default settings is puffer
logs whenever you give it
logs so
it depends how often you're giving it
logs let's see if this shows
up every roll
out something's not working then because
it's not going up that
frequently okay so here's our new runs
where are our
metrix do we literally not get metrics
in two million
steps maybe I just need to run it longer
hold on I'm going up this to 5 million
or 10 million
whatever uh also dapne did you check the
ego
observations
um it doesn't look like the the diff
from the last Norm changes would be
enough to offset that like were fives in
the ego
OBS when I run your branch L works
expected hang on let me watch this
then oh there it goes for some reason it
doesn't log until three million steps or
whatever it logs pretty
infrequently there were fives in
there um like that probably will work
but it's it's not going to be as stable
as if it were
one was this 10
mil this and
this okay perfect
so should
log then we'll
get we'll get your full sweep running
I can set you up a panel in this as well
I can set you up like a proper dashboard
in this um once we get like proper
sweeps I don't know if it carries over
across you users is the thing but I can
show you how to set up like a proper
sweep dashboard in
this yeah logging is like really
infrequent so it's not showing
properly definitely want to look at that
[Music]
run I mean basically I'm just going to
set you up something that looks like the
um the Neptune
chart think this is what you
want so you can get parito fronts if
you're going to do um like variable
sweep you can just uh you just have like
all your runs in one spot and then the
important ones is like you start to see
hyper Fram sensitivity like
this right so you can see like clustered
lambdas you can see gamma clustered over
here you can see like stable learning
rate region and stuff like this
yeah so this is just logging very
infrequently because you can see like
I'm only getting these little tiny line
segments so let's go fix
logging figure out what's wrong with
that and then uh you'll have basically
you'll be ready to
go is the logging
in is it just like hardcoded
metrix this is under
metrics okay so this is pretty much my
same my same code from before just like
yeah customize to your stuff that's
fine and data.
stats if profile. update
data so this should be once a second
Capp but this should be
fine I noticed that you're not getting
constant logs
back
from GPU
drive so let's figure out what's wrong
with that
well it's not wrong it's just
infrequent it's like not logging
frequently enough for some
reason where's the puffer end again
um I remember where everything is
let's
see still
private it's possible if you have more
scenes or something it's logging more
often is there an invite to
accept I think it still has my old email
on this if you invite my username my
username should just bej as
farz yeah it's got my super old email on
this but it should you should just be
able to invite like Jay
Suarez well I can't even I can't even
access that email anymore does it do you
have to accept an invite I think if you
just add can you not just like add a
username yeah like right here invite
teammates just put Jayz in here and
it'll
work let's see where info is so
info num finished agents is greater than
zero
done there it
goes okay so this is logging correctly
do you just have more scenes or
something is it just cuz I'm testing
with three scenes
you have three
scenes same
settings well something's screwing
I took the speed thing out by the way
you'll you might have to fix this cuz it
was um yeah
this there's some masking that needs to
be fixed
there
um everything else I
left goal achieved
rate and this looks fine
where's the
um are we using the same data as well
we're using the same example
data if it works it works I could just
be getting rate limited or something
stupid because we're all running experi
experiment at the same
time
um W be could be doing some weird
smoothing I don't
know so what what should we do uh what
would you like from here um because it
works uh it might be I it's not going to
matter when you're doing 100 million
step runs anyways regardless of what it
does um so I have it now at this point
where you know you can do these sweeps
yeah uh sure would you like me to get
off the
stream I have a few people watching this
at the moment like six or
seven I can I can hop off
yeah
um stream will be
back it's yeah it's fine we don't have
to do call on stream I uh